[Dashboards in chat] Rename dashboard_agent to agent_builder_dashboards (#270565)
elastic/kibana: docs/extend/plugin-list.md

| --- | --- |
| [actions](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/actions/README.md) | The Kibana actions plugin provides a framework to create executable actions. You can: |
| [agentBuilder](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/agent_builder/README.md) | Home of the Agent Builder framework. |

> | [agentBuilderDashboards](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/agent_builder_dashboards/README.md) | Agent Builder enrichment plugin that provides dashboard tools, attachment types, and a dashboard-management skill for dashboards in chat via the AgentBuilder framework. |

Reviewer: thanks for updating it! I'd polish a bit more:

```suggestion
| [agentBuilderDashboards](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/agent_builder_dashboards/README.md) | Contains dashboard-related entities for the Agent Builder, including tools, attachment types, and a dashboard skill. |
```

| [contentConnectors](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/content_connectors/README.mdx) | This plugin contains common assets and endpoints for the use of connectors in Kibana. Primarily used by the enterprise_search and serverless_search plugins. |
| [crossClusterReplication](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/cross_cluster_replication/README.md) | You can run a local cluster and simulate a remote cluster within a single Kibana directory. |
| [customBranding](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/custom_branding/README.md) | This is a plugin to configure custom branding. Plugin server-side only. Plugin has three main functions: |

> | [agentBuilderDashboards](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/agent_builder_dashboards/README.md) | Agent Builder enrichment plugin that provides dashboard tools, attachment types, and a dashboard-management skill for dashboards in chat. |

Author: The description has been slightly updated.
